https://www.fantasypoints.com/nfl/articles/2025/nfl-offensive-line-rankings
1. PHILADELPHIA EAGLES – 2024 PRESEASON RANKING - 3
PROJECTED STARTING LINEUP
LT Jordan Mailata
LG Landon Dickerson / Kenyon Green $
C Cam Jurgens
RG Tyler Steen
RT Lane Johnson
There’s honestly not that much to say about Philadelphia’s offensive line. The biggest question going into 2024 was Cam Jurgens taking over at center, and he did well in his first year at the position. Lane Johnson and Jordan Mailata form the best pair of tackles in the league, and aren’t going anywhere anytime soon. Landon Dickerson is the point man on the most controversial play in football and is also one of the best guards in the game.
The one area of concern is at RG. This was a question mark heading into last season, but Mekhi Becton was a force. Tyler Steen is slated to take over, but has started only three games in his first two seasons. The team acquired Kenyon Green in the Chauncey Gardner-Johnson trade, and he could provide insurance if Steen isn’t performing.
This unit is good enough to overcome one weak link, and coach Jeff Stoutland should get Steen up to speed. Injuries are the only thing holding this unit back from another stellar season.
2. DENVER BRONCOS – 2024 PRESEASON RANKING - 16
PROJECTED STARTING LINEUP
LT Garett Bolles
LG Ben Powers
C Luke Wattenberg
RG Quinn Meinerz
RT Mike McGlinchey
Continuity is king in Denver. This offensive line outperformed expectations blocking for a rookie quarterback last year, and all five starters are coming back. I was concerned about the Luke Wattenberg to Bo Nix connection, but they both played well in their first year together. Garett Bolles and Mike McGlinchey continued to be a solid tackle duo, and Ben Powers and Quinn Meinerz could be the best guard pair in the league (Meinerz is a dawg).
It will be interesting to see where Sean Payton and Nix take Denver in 2025. They didn’t add much in terms of explosive weapons, but keeping everything mostly the same for the young quarterback could be the key to another strong season. I was lower than I should have been on this offensive line last year, but with the same starting five returning, the Broncos can make noise in the AFC West.
3. TAMPA BAY BUCCANEERS – 2024 PRESEASON RANKING - 18
PROJECTED STARTING LINEUP
LT Tristan Wirfs
LG Ben Bredeson
C Graham Barton
RG Cody Mauch
RT Luke Goedeke / Charlie Heck $
The Bucs are another unit without much change up front. This unit was outstanding last season and should ride the continuity train to another strong season in 2025. Tristan Wirfs continued to be one of the best tackles in the league, and Luke Goedeke was solid in his 13 starts. The change at tackle is that Tampa will be without quality backup Justin Skule, who is now with the Vikings. Charlie Heck came in from San Francisco and should be the next man up.
Ben Bredeson had a surprisingly down year at LG, but Graham Barton and, more notably, Cody Mauch made up for it at C and RG, respectively. Mauch has become one of the league’s better guards and was a big part of Tampa finishing with the 6th-most rushing yards last year.
Tampa’s offensive line greatly outperformed my expectations in 2024. I didn’t think they’d be awful at No. 18, but I didn’t see them pushing for the top spot essentially all season. Baker Mayfield had the best season of his career behind this unit, and bringing the same group back should set Tampa up for success in 2025. Put a lot of faith in this group to perform well all season if they stay healthy.
4. BALTIMORE RAVENS – 2024 PRESEASON RANKING - 5
PROJECTED STARTING LINEUP
LT Ronnie Stanley / Joseph Noteboom $
LG Andrew Vorhees / Ben Cleveland
C Tyler Linderbaum
RG Daniel Faalele
RT Roger Rosengarten / Emery Jones Jr. *
I got crushed after my initial rankings last year had Baltimore’s offensive line fifth, and I caught a lot of heat after the mess that was the season-opener against the Chiefs. However, I don’t think I was too far off after how this unit mashed teams as the season went on.
There’s a lot of continuity with the Ravens’ OL in 2025. Ronnie Stanley finally played a full season and looked good, especially in protection. Roger Rosengarten made 14 starts as a rookie and laid a quality foundation for a solid career. Tyler Linderbaum was a rock in the middle and was one of the better centers in the league last year. I’ll admit that I wasn’t a fan of Daniel Faalele in the preseason, but the big man figured things out after kicking inside.
My only question for Baltimore is LG Andrew Vorhees. He hasn’t played a lot of football over the last two seasons and was relegated to a backup role for Patrick Mekari. He wasn’t awful when he played, but there’s room for improvement, particularly with his run blocking.
The job Baltimore’s coaches did with this group last year was impressive. Lamar Jackson can mask a lot of errors, but I don’t see many with this unit.
5. DETROIT LIONS – 2024 PRESEASON RANKING - 1
PROJECTED STARTING LINEUP
LT Taylor Decker
LG Christian Mahogany / Miles Frazier *
C Tate Ratledge * / Trystan Colon $
RG Graham Glasgow
RT Penei Sewell
A disappointing finish to the season took away some of the glory this unit deserved. With some significant changes in the interior, things will likely be different for Detroit’s offensive line this season, but this is still one of the league’s strongest units.
Starting with the holdovers, the tackle combo of Penei Sewell and Taylor Decker is second only to Philadelphia, and both guys are coming off impressive seasons. Graham Glasgow flips to RG for the departed Kevin Zeitler. Glasgow was average in both phases, but putting him next to Sewell should help.
The two projected new starters, Christian Mahogany and Tate Ratledge, are unproven in the NFL. Mahogany takes over at LG. He did well in his one start last season, but couldn’t crack Detroit’s loaded starting lineup. Ratledge, this year’s second-round pick, has the most pressure taking over for the newly retired Frank Ragnow. Ratledge has great hair, but will be targeted early by defenses. Ultimately, Detroit remains loaded offensively and has enough weapons to withstand a slight dip in its offensive line.
6. BUFFALO BILLS – 2024 PRESEASON RANKING - 8
PROJECTED STARTING LINEUP
LT Dion Dawkins
LG David Edwards / Alec Anderson
C Connor McGovern
RG O’Cyrus Torrence / Kendrick Green $
RT Spencer Brown
I could essentially copy and paste my Bills preview from last year, as the same starting group returns in 2025. Yes, Josh Allen solves a lot of problems, but Buffalo’s offensive line did a great job keeping the MVP clean in 2024, allowing a league-low 14 sacks. There were questions about this unit’s run blocking, but James Cook’s postseason performance put those concerns to rest.
Dion Dawkins and Spencer Brown form one of the better tackle duos in the league, as both are highly effective in both phases. David Edwards and Connor McGovern each had strong years on the interior, playing in 15+ games. The only real question is O’Cyrus Torrence at RG. He was the weak link last year, but had good moments. The Bills brought in Kendrick Green as interior depth and have the ultimate jumbo tight end in Alec Anderson.
Will this be the year Bills Mafia finally gets over the hump?
7. INDIANAPOLIS COLTS – 2024 PRESEASON RANKING - 6
PROJECTED STARTING LINEUP
LT Bernhard Raimann / Blake Freeland
LG Quenton Nelson
C Tanor Bortolini
RG Matt Goncalves
RT Braden Smith / Jalen Travis *
Bernhard Raimann has become a standout tackle in the NFL after an impressive third season. He’s well on his way to eventual All-Pro honors. Braden Smith was still a very productive tackle in 12 games last year. Expect Blake Freeland or fourth-round rookie Jalen Travis to be the next man up if needed.
The Colts’ interior offensive line has gone through a lot of changes this offseason. All-world guard Quenton Nelson is the only returning starter inside after both Ryan Kelly and Will Fries left for Minnesota. Matt Goncalves saw time at tackle last year but will kick inside to RG, and Tanor Bortolini takes over at center. The good news is that both new starters saw time last year, so it won’t be a hard reset for the unit.
The Colts’ offensive line faded after a strong start to the season. The injury bug hit this unit hard, but they still had ESPN’s 4th-best run block win rate. Raimann, Nelson, and Smith are all highly effective blockers, so expect Indy’s running game to be productive once again. This unit can be one of the league’s best if it’s more consistent in protection.
8. ARIZONA CARDINALS – 2024 PRESEASON RANKING - 30
PROJECTED STARTING LINEUPS
LT Paris Johnson / Kelvin Beachum
LG Evan Brown
C Hjalte Froholdt
RG Isaiah Adams / Royce Newman $
RT Jonah Williams
The Cardinals’ offensive line overperformed in 2024. I had them down at No. 30 heading into last season, and they ended up in my “Good” tier at each check-in. Arizona faded down the stretch, but this offensive line was arguably the most consistent unit on the team.
Paris Johnson was exceptional at LT, as was Jonah Williams when he was healthy. Evan Brown and Hjalte Froholdt were solid all season and proved that they can be effective NFL starters. The big change and weak link is at RG. Isaiah Adams and the newly acquired Royce Newman will battle for the starting job, but both guys have issues.
As I said last year, this team will go as Kyler Murray goes, but he won’t have the excuse of a weak offensive line to hide behind as the 2025 season kicks off. Yes, there will be one new piece, but this unit’s quality continuity at the other four spots will make them effective once again.
9. LOS ANGELES RAMS – 2024 PRESEASON RANKING - 9
PROJECTED STARTING LINEUP
LT Alaric Jackson
LG Steve Avila
C Coleman Shelton $ / Beaux Limmer
RG Kevin Dotson
RT Rob Havenstein
The Rams’ offensive line went through the ringer last season. I buried them after injury woes and a rough start, but the unit rebounded to be one of the more productive units, no matter who was playing.
Alaric Jackson played really well in both phases after being suspended for the first two games. Rob Havenstein had another strong year, but was in and out of the lineup with injuries. When healthy and not suspended, these two are an effective pair of edge protectors.
The interior is where any questions could be. Steve Avila and Kevin Dotson return at both guard spots, and Coleman Shelton returns after a sabbatical in Chicago to be the new center. Avila played in 10 games and had a down year run blocking, but was still good overall. Dotson was consistently above average despite a foot injury. Shelton was slightly above average in his one year with the Bears, and his familiarity with the offense should mitigate any issues he may encounter upon returning to the OL room. I’m high on the Rams heading into the season again.
10. LOS ANGELES CHARGERS – 2024 PRESEASON RANKING - 11
PROJECTED STARTING LINEUP
LT Rashawn Slater
LG Bradley Bozeman
C Zion Johnson / Andre James $
RG Mekhi Becton $ / Jamaree Salyer
RT Joe Alt
The easiest place to start with the Chargers is at tackle. Joe Alt had a solid start to his professional career, consistently performing above average in both phases. Rashawn Slater was an animal last season, and it’s a shame he didn’t get any All-Pro love. Los Angeles will be set at tackle for a long time.
Moving to the interior, there’s some shuffling and a very large new face. Bradley Bozeman and Zion Johnson swap spots after an average year in the middle for Bozeman and a solid season from Johnson at LG. Bozeman was briefly a free agent before re-signing with the Chargers. It’ll be interesting to see how long the team sticks with the swap with Bozeman back. The new face is Mekhi Becton, fresh off a Super Bowl victory. The big man experienced a career resurgence after moving inside and seamlessly fit into Philadelphia’s offensive line.
We know Jim Harbaugh will continue to make this unit the foundation of his offense. The Chargers’ offensive line flirted with being a top-10 unit most of 2025, but couldn’t take the next step. With four starters returning and a Super Bowl winner coming in, look for this group to drive the bus for Los Angeles.
11. WASHINGTON COMMANDERS – 2024 PRESEASON RANKING - 29
PROJECTED STARTING LINEUP
LT Laremy Tunsil $
LG Brandon Coleman / Nick Allegretti
C Tyler Biadasz
RG Sam Cosmi / Andrew Wylie
RT Josh Conerly Jr. *
What a year Washington had, right? A rookie QB’s best friend is a quality offensive line, and the Commanders gave that to Jayden Daniels all season long. This unit was in my “Great” tier twice last year after I essentially wrote them off at the beginning of the season.
Tyler Biadasz and Sam Cosmi are returning after strong campaigns, but Cosmi is coming off a torn ACL in the playoffs. Andrew Wylie and Brandon Coleman are set to kick inside after starting at right and left tackle last year, respectively. Whether it’s Wylie or Cosmi at RG, the interior should be solid.
The big changes are at both tackles, as Laremy Tunsil was acquired via trade, and rookie Josh Conerly Jr. was taken in the first round. Tunsil was still a force last year despite playing on Houston’s miserable OL, but Conerly is unproven. I wouldn’t be surprised to see a brief dip in Daniels’ play as the re-worked unit gets used to each other, but Washington should still compete for the NFC.
12. ATLANTA FALCONS – 2024 PRESEASON RANKING - 7
PROJECTED STARTING LINEUP
LT Jake Matthews
LG Matthew Bergeron
C Ryan Neuzil / Jovaughn Gwyn
RG Chris Lindstrom
RT Kaleb McGary
I was high on Atlanta’s offensive line and overall team heading into 2024. The Falcons ultimately fell short of my playoff prediction, but the OL played well all season.
Jake Matthews bounced back with a solid 2024 in both phases, while Kaleb McGary locked down the right side. (Matthews has missed only one game in his 11-year career.) Matthew Bergeron and Chris Lindstrom also return at LG and RG, respectively. Bergeron had a solid second season, and Lindstrom was one of the better guards in the league last year.
The big change is in the middle as Ryan Neuzil is projected to replace Drew Dalman, who is now in Chicago. Neuzil started eight games while Dalman was out, but hasn’t proven himself. I’m still a fan of Atlanta’s offensive line and expect another strong performance. With the keys handed over to Michel Penix Jr., the OL must do its part for the young quarterback.
13. GREEN BAY PACKERS – 2024 PRESEASON RANKING - 14
PROJECTED STARTING LINEUP
LT Rasheed Walker / Anthony Belton *
LG Aaron Banks $
C Elgton Jenkins
RG Sean Rhyan / Jordan Morgan
RT Zach Tom
Zach Tom and Elgton Jenkins anchor the re-worked Packers’ offensive line. Tom was outstanding last season, and Jenkins will move to center after a strong 2024. Both guys were better in protection, but Tom didn’t have the same split as Jenkins. Rasheed Walker returns at LT and also had a quality 2024 with a bigger-than-expected pass-run split. Second-round pick Anthony Belton could be in the mix if Walker’s play falls off at all.
Sean Rhyan had a productive season, starting all 17 games at RG ahead of last year’s first-round pick Jordan Morgan. It’s disappointing for Morgan and the front office that he made only one start, but there’s a chance he pushes Rhyan for the starting role in 2025. Aaron Banks is the projected lineup’s only new addition after turning in a solid 2024 campaign with the 49ers.
I had Green Bay’s offensive line right on the good/average line last season, given how much better the unit was in protection. Josh Jacobs made the team’s rushing numbers look good, but this unit was pushing the top 10 all season. Yes, there has been some shuffling with Jenkins moving to center and a new left guard, but the Packers' offensive line shouldn’t hold the team back if they can be consistent in both phases.
14. MINNESOTA VIKINGS – 2024 PRESEASON RANKING - 12
PROJECTED STARTING LINEUP
LT Christian Darrisaw / Justin Skule $
LG Donovan Jackson * / Blake Brandel
C Ryan Kelly $
RG Will Fries $
RT Brian O’Neill
Minnesota’s offensive line had an up-and-down 2024. Christian Darrisaw tore his ACL and MCL in Week 8, and the unit struggled until Cam Robinson got up to speed. Darrisaw was playing well before the injury and will be back for 2025, along with RT Brian O’Neill, who’s coming off a strong campaign.
The questions will be about the interior. Minnesota completely re-worked the middle three positions by signing two former Colts and drafting a guard in the first round. Ryan Kelly and Will Fries come over from Indianapolis at C and RG, respectively, and the Vikings took Donovan Jackson with the 24th overall pick. Kelly fought through multiple injuries to have a strong 10-game showing, and Fries was exceptional until a brutal Week 5 leg injury ended his season.
Assuming both veteran additions are healthy to start the year, this should be an improved group. I always preach continuity up front, but the experience of Kelly and Fries should negate how new they are to Minnesota. Also, be on the lookout for backup tackle Justin Skule, who provided quality relief last year in Tampa Bay. JJ McCarthy will be well protected in his first year as the starter.
15. CHICAGO BEARS – 2024 PRESEASON RANKING - 27
PROJECTED STARTING LINEUP
LT Braxton Jones / Ozzy Trapilo *
LG Joe Thuney $
C Drew Dalman $
RG Jonah Jackson $
RT Darnell Wright
Sticking with the NFC North…talk about offseason makeovers. Chicago’s offensive line was middle of the pack by the end of the season, but caught a lot of heat throughout 2024. Caleb Williams’ struggles were pinned on this unit, but the Bears’ dysfunction should catch most of the blame. Williams won’t have the OL as an excuse this season, as Chicago put a lot of work into protecting its quarterback.
I’ll start with the holdovers, Braxton Jones and Darnell Wright. Both tackles were above-average last season and could be long-term edge protectors for Chicago. Jones is coming off a late-season broken fibula, so rookie Ozzy Trapilo could see some time if Jones’ rehab is delayed.
It’s hard to say how big a fan I am of the moves Chicago made to revamp its interior offensive line. They signed Drew Dalman from Atlanta and traded for both Joe Thuney and Jonah Jackson. I’ve been a big Thuney guy since he was with the Patriots, and Dalman was a key piece for the Falcons’ OL last year. Jackson ended up as the odd man out for the Rams, but he reunites with his former offensive coordinator in Detroit, Ben Johnson.
Chicago has a lot of work to do to compete in the brutal NFC North, but this was the one obvious place to start offensively. The hype will be huge for the Bears’ offense. Hopefully, the OL will be up to the task.
16. SAN FRANCISCO 49ERS – 2024 PRESEASON RANKING - 2
PROJECTED STARTING LINEUP
LT Trent Williams
LG Ben Bartch
C Jake Brendel / Matt Hennessy $
RG Dominick Puni
RT Colton McKivitz
I went out on a limb ranking the 49ers’ offensive line No. 2 heading into last season. That limb snapped off early, and I fell flat on my face. 2024 was the season from hell for San Francisco, so it’s not surprising that the offensive line struggled, but I didn’t expect as much of a drop-off.
Let’s start with the returning starters. Trent Williams is still a force and the anchor of this unit. He returns after an ankle injury ended his season early. Colton McKivitz is underrated since he plays opposite Williams, but he’s a quality edge protector on the right side. Jake Brendel was much better as a run blocker last season and can stabilize the interior, which went through some changes.
Ben Bartch takes over at LG after being inactive for most of 2024. He saw extended action in only one game, so it’s hard to expect a lot from him in 2025. However, the 49ers should expect a lot from second-year RG Dominick Puni. He had an impressive rookie season run blocking and was better than expected overall. I can’t in good conscience put San Francisco that high in this year’s rankings, but don’t be surprised if this unit sneaks up on you.
17. CLEVELAND BROWNS – 2024 PRESEASON RANKING - 4
PROJECTED STARTING LINEUP
LT Dawand Jones / Cornelius Lucas $
LG Joel Bitonio
C Ethan Pocic
RG Wyatt Teller / Tevin Jenkins $
RT Jack Conklin
Big Dawand Jones has somehow been given the task of starting at LT after a miserable second season in 2024. Veteran Cornelius Lucas was brought in for insurance, and don’t be surprised if he relieves Jones at some point this year. Jack Conklin played well coming back from another serious injury, but can he make it through year 10?
The Browns’ interior is aging, and it finally started to show last year. Joel Bitonio has been the stalwart of this line for years, but his run blocking dipped in 2024. Wyatt Teller also dipped but was still effective. Ethan Pocic is coming off back-to-back solid seasons, but how much longer can this trio carry the unit?
Cleveland’s circus at quarterback made the entire team look bad in 2024. This unit remains an effective group, but having stability at center allows everyone to play better. They have a huge question mark at LT, which is the reason for the lower ranking, but I’ll never count out this unit.
18. CAROLINA PANTHERS – 2024 PRESEASON RANKING - 22
PROJECTED STARTING LINEUP
LT Ikem Ekwonu
LG Damien Lewis
C Austin Corbett
RG Robert Hunt
RT Taylor Moton
Carolina’s OL ended up having a better-than-expected 2024, but had a big run-pass split, finishing 30th in ESPN’s pass block win rate and 10th in run block win rate. Bryce Young had his struggles, but things are looking up for him and the Panthers’ offense.
This group earns significant continuity points with the projected starting lineup remaining intact from a season ago. Other than Ikem Ekwonu, this is an older group with productive experience. Damien Lewis and Robert Hunt were new additions last season and performed well. Taylor Moton has been with the team since 2017 and anchors the unit.
Entering the second year of HC Dave Canales with Joe Gilbert as OL coach is also a positive. The Panthers are set to take a step forward in 2025. The OL was top-10 in YPC last season (No. 6 in Gap/Man runs), and if they figure out pass protection, then look out for Carolina to shock some people this year.
19. KANSAS CITY CHIEFS – 2024 PRESEASON RANKING - 15
PROJECTED STARTING LINEUP
LT Josh Simmons *
LG Kingsley Suamataia / Mike Caliendo
C Creed Humphrey
RG Trey Smith
RT Jawaan Taylor / Wanya Morris
Stop me if you heard this before, but the Chiefs had a major LT problem in 2024. Kansas City quickly addressed this issue by taking Josh Simmons in the first round. If he makes it through all 17 games as a rookie, that’s an improvement for the Chiefs, but he’s obviously unproven in the NFL. Jawaan Taylor was better than expected in 2024, but he still hasn’t lived up to the big deal he got from Kansas City. Wanya Morris, one of the failed left tackles last season, returns to a backup role in 2025.
Kansas City has had one of the better interior offensive lines since 2021, when Creed Humphrey, Trey Smith, and Joe Thuney all came to town. Humphrey continues to be arguably the league’s best center, and Smith returns on the franchise tag after a strong 2024. However, Thuney is now in Chicago. Kingsley Suamataia is projected to start at LG after also failing at LT last year.
The left side holds all the questions for Kansas City’s OL heading into 2025, but, like always, the Chiefs will probably find a way to win the AFC West and make the AFC Championship Game.
20. DALLAS COWBOYS – 2024 PRESEASON RANKING - 17
PROJECTED STARTING LINEUP
LT Tyler Guyton
LG Tyler Smith
C Cooper Beebe / Brock Hoffman
RG Tyler Booker *
RT Terence Steele
The big change for Dallas is Zack Martin’s retirement. The long-time Cowboys RG retired after 11 seasons, and first-round rookie Tyler Booker is slated to take over. Cooper Beebe and Terence Steele will have to take care of the rookie as both were above-average last year, but was that a product of playing next to Martin?
Tyler Guyton has a lot to prove at LT. I thought he was a bit of a reach at the 29th overall pick, and was well below-average in 11 starts last season. Tyler Smith is now the stalwart of Dallas’ offensive line and played very well in his first full season at LG.
Surprisingly, the Cowboys finished 5th in ESPN’s run block win rate last year after gaining just the 6th-fewest rushing yards at 1,705. They also only scored six times on the ground. I don’t think this unit was as bad as the numbers reflected. Dak Prescott’s injury took a lot of juice out of the offense, but the offensive line was still capable. Booker’s early development will be critical to this unit’s success in 2025.
21. JACKSONVILLE JAGUARS – 2024 PRESEASON RANKING - 19
PROJECTED STARTING LINEUP
LT Walker Little / Fred Johnson $
LG Ezra Cleveland
C Robert Hainsey $
RG Patrick Mekari $ / Wyatt Milum *
RT Anton Harrison
Ezra Cleveland and Anton Harrison are the two returning starters from last year’s preview article. Both were better in protection and sufficient overall at LG and RT, respectively. Walker Little is projected to start at LT. He did well in both phases in eight starts last season, taking over for the traded Cam Robinson.
The significant changes come at C and RG as Mitch Morse retired, and Brandon Scherff is no longer with the team. Newly acquired Patrick Mekari and Robert Hainsey are slated to start at RG and C, and the new faces could cause some early issues for the interior. Hainsey has started a bunch of games over his four-year career in Tampa Bay, but was the backup last season. Mekari is one of my favorite linemen and should stabilize the right side once he’s up to speed. Third-round pick Wyatt Milum should compete for the next-man-in role.
2025 is a big season for the Jaguars and Trevor Lawrence. The former first overall pick needs to bounce back with Liam Coen calling the plays, and that starts with protecting him. Jacksonville’s OL was in my “Mediocre” tier through the first 11 weeks, and it popped up to the “Good” tier after Lawrence went down in Week 13. Lawrence is still the future for the Jaguars, but this unit must be better than mediocre for the team to improve.
22. LAS VEGAS RAIDERS – 2024 PRESEASON RANKING - 20
PROJECTED STARTING LINEUP
LT Kolton Miller
LG Dylan Parham
C Jackson Powers-Johnson
RG Alex Cappa $ / Caleb Rodgers *
RT DJ Glaze / Thayer Munford
The Raiders have undergone a significant overhaul this offseason, with a new head coach, general manager, and starting quarterback. I was pretty low on their offensive line all season after they gave up the 7th-most sacks (50) and gained the fewest rushing yards in the league (1,357). The sack total isn’t completely on the OL given the unit’s 17th ranking for pass block win rate on ESPN, but the group didn’t elevate their play enough to compensate for poor quarterbacking.
There has been some shuffling to the projected starting lineup, but this unit surprisingly has four starters coming back, which should bode well for Geno Smith.
Kolton Miller was a quality LT last year, performing well in both phases, though PFF tabbed him for allowing seven sacks. Dylan Parham moves to LG after a solid 2024 at RG, and second-year Jackson Powers-Johnson moves to C after 14 quality starts at LG. DJ Glaze (All-Name Team) took over for Thayer Munford at RT early last season and is set to return after a slightly above-average year.
Las Vegas’ weak link is likely in the newly acquired Alex Cappa. The veteran comes over after a flat-out bad year with the Bengals. I’m assuming Tom Brady is leaning on his experience with Cappa in Tampa Bay, but don’t be surprised if Cappa gets pushed by third-round pick Caleb Rodgers.
23. NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS – 2024 PRESEASON RANKING - 32
PROJECTED STARTING LINEUP
LT Will Campbell *
LG Cole Strange
C Garrett Bradbury $
RG Mike Onwenu
RT Morgan Moses $
2024 was a year of transition for the Patriots as Drake Maye established himself as the future of the franchise, and Jerod Mayo established himself as a bad head coach. New England will go as Maye goes, and they know it, so the team wisely invested in the offensive line and brought back experienced play-caller Josh McDaniels for his third stint as OC.
With three new additions (Morgan Moses, Garrett Bradbury, and Will Campbell), this unit will need to figure things out on the fly, but McDaniels’ downhill, gap-heavy running game should help.
Mike Onwenu was this group’s lone bright spot last season, and he shifts inside. Campbell was the best OL in this year’s draft, and should be fine despite the arm length concerns. Cole Strange is still the weak link, but on paper, this unit has improved significantly from its 32nd ranking heading into last season. Don’t be shocked by a slow start given the new faces, but New England’s OL should outperform expectations in 2025.
24. TENNESSEE TITANS - 2024 PRESEASON RANKING - 24
PROJECTED STARTING LINEUP
LT Dan Moore Jr. $ / Olisaemeka Udoh $
LG Pete Skoronski
C Lloyd Cushenberry / Brenden Jaimes $
RG Kevin Zeitler $
RT JC Latham
Tennessee had a mess of a 2024 season offensively. Many of the struggles were attributed to quarterback play, but the offensive line wasn’t great at the start of the season. The unit recovered later on, but remained firmly in my “Mediocre” tier for the entire season. I’m willing to chalk up the issues to learning a new system and OL coach in Bill Callahan, but they won’t get the same benefit of the doubt this year.
Dan Moore Jr. and veteran Kevin Zeitler come in from Pittsburgh and Detroit, respectively, and are projected to start at left tackle and right guard. In Year 13, Zeitler was still an impressive road grader in the run game for the Lions. Moore was just sufficient with the Steelers, but he was better than most of the group in Pittsburgh.
Moore’s arrival means second-year JC Latham moves to RT after starting all 17 games at LT. He’ll need to improve his run blocking, but the foundation is in place for a solid year two.
Something to watch is what happens at center. Lloyd Cushenberry had a rough season going before tearing his Achilles in early November. Tennessee brought in Brenden Jaimes from the Chargers as insurance, but Cushenberry was able to practice during the team’s mandatory minicamp.
Things should be moving in the right direction with Cam Ward taking over at quarterback. This re-worked unit will need to gel quickly to protect the rookie signal-caller. I’m putting a lot of faith in Callahan to coach this unit up.
25. NEW ORLEANS SAINTS - 2024 PRESEASON RANKING - 23
PROJECTED STARTING LINEUP
LT Kelvin Banks Jr. * / Josh Ball
LG Trevor Penning / Nick Saldiveri
C Erik McCoy
RG Cesar Ruiz
RT Taliese Fuaga
A few big changes happened for the Saints’ OL this offseason. Stalwart Ryan Ramczyk retired after missing all of 2024 with a knee injury, and second-year Taliese Fuaga moves to RT. New Orleans also selected Texas’s Kelvin Banks Jr. with the ninth overall pick. Some, including me, thought this was too high for Banks, but New Orleans got its guy.
Fuaga performed well as a rookie at LT, but he moves back to his natural RT position, so expect him to take a step forward. Trevor Penning started all 17 games at RT for Ramczyk. He was better run blocking last year, and the Saints are kicking him inside to LG. That moves Nick Saldiveri to a backup role after a rough 2024. Eric McCoy and Cesar Ruiz return as starters. McCoy was having an exceptional season before multiple groin injuries caused him to miss 10 games.
Kellen Moore and Tyler Shough are starting a new era in New Orleans. Other than the unproven Banks, this offensive line has experience playing together. The shuffling of Fuaga and Penning shouldn’t cause any major issues. If they can stay healthy, this group has the potential to outperform expectations.
26. NEW YORK JETS - 2024 PRESEASON RANKING - 21
PROJECTED STARTING LINEUP
LT Olu Fashanu
LG John Simpson
C Joe Tippmann
RG Alijah Vera-Tucker
RT Armand Membou * / Chukwuma Okorafor $
I’m going to take a moment to pat myself on the back for being right about New York’s offensive line in 2024, at least at the tackle positions. Many thought pairing this unit with an ageing quarterback would get the Jets over the hump, but that didn’t happen. The group finished 23rd and 29th in ESPN’s pass block win rate and run block win rate, respectively, and the 2024 season imploded early.
The Jets are starting over again with a new head coach and general manager, and will enter 2025 with a revamped unit up front. The interior was actually a bright spot for the Jets last season, and returns all three starters. They performed well enough in both phases, with John Simpson and Joe Tippmann starting all 17 games, while Alijah Vera-Tucker started 15.
The real issues were at tackle, as New York’s plan to bring in the ageing Tyron Smith and Morgan Moses didn’t work out. Moses has moved on to New England, and Smith has retired, and both underwhelmed last year. The bigger concern could be Olu Fashanu.
The second-year tackle is slated to start on the left side, but is coming off a rocky rookie season. Armand Membou, this year’s seventh overall pick, will get the chance to play right away that Fashanu didn’t, but he is obviously unproven in the NFL. Chuks Okorafor comes over from the 49ers as insurance, but hasn’t played well for multiple years.
Justin Fields will be better at avoiding pressure than Aaron Rodgers was last year, but could the Jets have similar problems on the edges, just with younger tackles?
27. CINCINNATI BENGALS – 2024 PRESEASON RANKING - 10
PROJECTED STARTING LINEUP
LT Orlando Brown, Jr.
LG Dylan Fairchild * / Cordell Volson
C Ted Karras
RG Lucas Patrick $
RT Amarius Mims
Cincinnati’s defense rightfully caught the heat for keeping the Bengals out of the playoffs. An under-the-radar reason for Joe Burrow missing the postseason was his offensive line. I was high on this group heading into 2024, and no one played particularly well. Burrow covered up a lot of poor play, but that can’t be relied upon every season.
The good news for the Bengals is that three starters are returning in Orlando Brown, Ted Karras, and Amarius Mims. Brown played only 11 games thanks to a fractured fibula and had a down year, particularly in run blocking. Mims replaced Trent Brown after the veteran’s Week 3 knee injury and was adequate in his first year. However, the Bengals need more from Mims as a run blocker in year two. Karras was the best of the three and will need another strong year to solidify the interior.
The two new faces are veteran Lucas Patrick, who signed a one-year deal this offseason, and third-round pick Dylan Fairchild. Patrick played 11 games last year and is recovering from a knee injury, but managed to deliver a sufficient performance for the Saints in 2024. Fairchild wasn’t highly rated coming out of school, but is projected to start ahead of Cordell Volson.
28. MIAMI DOLPHINS – 2024 PRESEASON RANKING - 25
PROJECTED STARTING LINEUP
LT Patrick Paul
LG James Daniels $ / Jackson Carman
C Aaron Brewer $
RG Jonah Savaiinaea * / Liam Eichenberg
RT Austin Jackson
A lot has changed for Miami’s offensive line this offseason. They completely re-worked the interior, adding James Daniels and Aaron Brewer via free agency, and drafting Jonah Savaiinaea in the second round. Daniels was playing well in Pittsburgh last year, but is coming off an early-season Achilles tear. Brewer was a bright spot in both phases for Tennessee in 2024, and Savaiinaea has versatility but is unproven.
The biggest concern for Miami’s OL is Terron Armstead’s retirement. He was still a solid producer in year 12, but his projected replacement, Patrick Paul, is far from capable. Austin Jackson returns from a torn meniscus, but he will need to improve on his very average performance last season.
Miami was disappointing overall in 2024, missing the playoffs for the first time under Mike McDaniel. The OL had some good moments, but an inability to run the ball put the pressure on Tua Tagovailoa and ultimately doomed the team. Tua’s health is an ongoing concern for the Dolphins, and they invested in his protection with three new interior players this offseason. This unit got an initial boost when he returned from injury last year, but its fade down the stretch makes me worry about 2025.
29. PITTSBURGH STEELERS – 2024 PRESEASON RANKING - 26
PROJECTED STARTING LINEUP
LT Broderick Jones
LG Isaac Seumalo
C Zach Frazier
RG Mason McCormick
RT Troy Fautanu
The offseason focus was on Pittsburgh’s pursuit of Aaron Rodgers and the trade for DK Metcalf. Little to no attention was paid to the offensive line, and it was incredibly weak last season. The injury bug hit this OL hard, which is tough to overcome for any team, but the Steelers didn’t make any key additions in the offseason. This is a very young unit that could be in for a rude awakening blocking for a future Hall of Famer.
Troy Fautanu is slated to start at RT after his rookie year was quickly cut short by a dislocated kneecap. Fellow 2024 rookies Zach Frazier and Mason McCormick played well enough last season, so the Steelers could have three spots locked up for the foreseeable future. However, the weak link is still Broderick Jones. The 2023 first-round pick is approaching bust territory after struggling in both phases last year.
Pittsburgh has a nasty “veteran-youth” split, which could be stressed if Rodgers doesn’t play well or is constantly under duress. Bottom line, this unit was bad in both phases last season, and with no major upgrades, I expect them to struggle again. Prove me wrong, Steelers.
30. SEATTLE SEAHAWKS – 2024 PRESEASON RANKING - 28
PROJECTED STARTING LINEUP
LT Charles Cross
LG Grey Zabel * / Anthony Bradford
C Olu Oluwatimi
RG Christian Haynes
RT Abraham Lucas
Charles Cross was exceptional last season, but he was cancelled out by how much of a mess the rest of the unit was. Abraham Lucas and Olu Oluatimi were serviceable when on the field, but this group is very unproven heading into 2025.
The big addition is this year’s 18th overall pick, Grey Zabel. Cross and Zabel should keep Sam Darnold’s blindside well protected, but this unit can’t have the same roller coaster season that they did last year.
Seattle’s OL was all over the map for me in 2024, but they were clearly towards the bottom by the end of the season. The offense has undergone a significant overhaul, with the offensive coordinator, quarterback, and top receiver all departing. John Benton takes over as OL coach, which is another factor that could delay this unit’s development.
With a new era beginning in Seattle, will the offensive line be the unit that keeps this team out of the playoffs again?
31. NEW YORK GIANTS – 2024 PRESEASON RANKING - 31
PROJECTED STARTING LINEUP
LT Andrew Thomas
LG Jon Runyan
C John Michael Schmitz
RG Greg Van Roten / Evan Neal
RT Jermaine Eluemunor
It’s pretty clear this is a make-or-break year for Brian Daboll and New York’s front office. There are enough weapons for the re-worked quarterback room to have success, but the Giants’ success will start and end with the offensive line.
The projected starting lineup remains the same as it was in 2024, with no major personnel changes to the unit. Like last year’s preview, Andrew Thomas is the rock of the Giants’ offensive line. However, he missed 11 games due to a Lisfranc injury, and the unit struggled in his absence.
The interior of Jon Runyan, John Michael Schmitz, and Greg Van Roten returns, as does Jermain Eluemunor at RT. The most significant question mark is the disappointing Evan Neal, who’s kicking inside in hopes of salvaging his career.
New York dealt with poor quarterback play last season, which contributed to subpar offensive line grades, but this unit wasn’t great overall. Continuity is one of my major factors for a quality OL. The Giants have that, and a healthy Thomas will make this unit better, but they’ll have to prove it to me before they get the benefit of the doubt.
32. HOUSTON TEXANS – 2024 PRESEASON RANKING - 13
PROJECTED STARTING LINEUP
LT Cam Robinson $ / Aireontae Ersery *
LG Laken Tomlinson $ / Juice Scruggs
C Jarrett Patterson / Jake Andrews $
RG Tytus Howard
RT Blake Fisher / Trent Brown $
I thought the Texans had a good mix of youth and veterans heading into 2024, but any promising signs were quickly cast aside, and Houston’s offensive line ended the season as one of the league’s worst. CJ Stroud’s year two regression led to a lot of changes up front for Houston, with Laremy Tunsil’s departure leading the way.
Veteran Cam Robinson comes over after splitting a solid season between Jacksonville and Minnesota. Second-year Blake Fisher is slated to start at RT as Tytus Howard kicks inside full time. Fisher was below average as a rookie, and Howard was my main culprit for Houston’s OL issues last year. Laken Tomlinson takes over at LG after one average season with Seattle, and the Texans invested a second-round pick in Aireontae Ersery, so expect him to get some time if either of the projected starters struggles.
Houston essentially brought in anyone it could find this offseason in hopes of piecing together a competent offensive line, which is why I included so many guys in the lineup projection. The Texans had everything they needed to compete for an AFC title last year, but their offensive line let them down when it mattered most. I can’t put much faith in this group until they take the field, but I don’t blame the Texans for making significant changes.
